PORT-12904 Refactor kubernetes integration guide (#2012)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/kubernetes/kubernetes.md

> Port's Kubernetes exporter is open source, view the source code [**here**](https://github.com/port-labs/port-k8s-exporter)

Reviewer: add title to admonition, and add a new line before it so it's not so close to the image

- Watch for Kubernetes object changes (create/update/delete) in real-time, and automatically apply the changes to your entities in Port.
- Use relations to create a complete, easily digestible map of your K8s cluster inside Port;
- Map your Kubernetes resources from common CRDs such as ArgoCD, Istio and more;

### Supported Resources

The resources that can be mapped from Kubernetes cluster into Port include:
- [`Namespaces`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/)
- [`Pods`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/)
- [`ReplicaSets`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/replicaset/)
- [`Deployments`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/)
- [`Services`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/)
- [`Nodes`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/nodes/)

:::tip Additional Resources
The resources listed above are just a subset of what the Kubernetes integration supports. You can ingest any resource available through the [Kubernetes API](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/).
:::

## Prerequisites

> - Port's Kubernetes exporter is installed using [Helm](https://helm.sh), so Helm must be installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Helm](https://helm.sh) is required to install the exporter.
```

> - You will need your [Port credentials](/build-your-software-catalog/custom-integration/api/api.md#find-your-port-credentials)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prepare your [Port credentials](/build-your-software-catalog/custom-integration/api/api.md#find-your-port-credentials).
```

> :::tip

Reviewer: indent the admonition and add a title to it
